welcome to the warlords of draenor basic
raid prep series by elois gaming today
in our line of sight is Imperator margov
this is a long fight so let's get right
down to business the key to defeating
the grand Imperator is to understand his
five abilities and how they change
throughout the fight he has market chaos
which is a tank debuff which will cause
them to explode doing damage to anyone
within 35 yards arcane wrath a debuff
which will deal damage and jump to a new
target within range one of the expires
it deals more damage but loses range
each jump arcane aberration and add
which will I OE you raid destructive
residence trap which lasts one minute
and will explode if someone steps of it
enforce nova which does damage as you
pass through it these five abilities
will receive a themed augmentation
during each new room face the
augmentation will expire when he
empowers a new room Margo has three rune
phases split by two intermissions during
the first two rune phases you will want
to tank Mardock in the center with the
ranged group stacked on the outer circle
as each new trap spawns the range group
will rotate together have a set point
for the tanks to run when they get
marked the ad will be priority when it
spawns to make sure to take it down fast
assign someone to drop off our Cain
wrath position them just outside the
range group when someone receives the
four stack of wrath running out to the
person who then quickly moves away to a
safe distance drop it off make sure you
run through force Nova quickly and use a
class specific ability to bypass the
damage all together the first rune phase
begins at eighty-five percent and the
theme of this phase is displacement his
five abilities will now affect your
movement the dangerous changes our akane
wrath only allowing you to move ten
yards if you have the debuff in a trap
is placed be sure not to run too far or
else you'll be sucked back into the trap
tanks you will be teleported when you
get marked so just be sure to run away
as long as you hold the positioning the
tactics to deal with the other abilities
remain the same at fifty-five percent
the first intermission will begin with
it comes to war mages and a bunch of
little arcane adds tank the anomalies in
the center of the room the war mages
will fixate on random targets they don't
need to be tanked interrupting the first
cast after new fixate will get the
target time to move away from the group
the little adds exploded on death so
assign a DPS to focus one down at a time
while the rest of the raid kills the
mages the theme of the second moon
phases fortification his abilities will
now have a bit more staying power market
house will now route your 10
have your off tank talent and drag the
boss out to the range group with melee
following get back to position after the
explosion you're going to have to wait
until the eighth stack of arcane wrath
to drop it off during this phase with
almost twice the health VPS are really
going to need to be ready to take down
the ad fast as long as you hold the
positioning the tactics to deal with the
other abilities remain the same you're
going to have to deal with one
additional ogre during this intermission
you have a lot to kill before the final
phase so pop bloodlust if you tanked the
river where he enters the room he won't
be buffed by the mages take the river
down fast kill the war mages and again
be careful not to kill yourself by a
wing down too many anomalies at a time
remember to move away if you get fixated
by the mages the transition from the
second intermission to the final rune
face is the most hectic part of the
fight as long as you make it through
cleanly you're on your way to a kill
replication is the theme of this final
phase and for the first time your rate
is going to want to spread out as you
pass through the forest Nova you will
now AoE anyone within 4 yards you still
want a place for your tanks to drop off
market chaos during this rune phase orbs
will shoot out of them when they explode
be sure to dodge them stay away from
traps when the aberration dies it will
now split into seven baby ads keep a
level head and you will topple this
Glorian dynasty this is bent over and
tattva with two mmm three minute tips by
Lana set gaming please like and
subscribe and check out our other videos
by clicking on any of these links